- 👋 Hi, Hello, and Howdy-Ho. Welcome to our official GitHub profile for Third Eye Nation's technology development studio.
- 👀 We're interested in getting involved in and working with new people, projects, exploring and discovering what the front line of technology has to offer. We do not solely operate at a software development level, but we also focus on arts such as music and film production. We love to connect with others who share similar interests just as much as connecting with those who have new or dissimilar interests for us to explore and learn more about. 
- 🌱 Currently we are working primarily with the **Agent Zero** framework *`(agent0ai/agentzero)`*, an open source project that competes (and in our opinion, outperforms) with the best of AI frameworks such as OpenAI's "operator", Google's "Antigravity", or the open-source software "OpenClaw". While not exactly the same, they all ultimately serve the same purpsose in our eyes; which is to ease the accessibility and close the gap that exists between AI technologies and the everyday Human's understanding as well as capability of usage, maximizing productivity and creativity in day-to-day operations whether that be in business, school, or personal hobbies.
- 💞️ Third Eye Nation is proud to open the doors to individuals and groups of all types, so long as you are positive, open-minded, contribute if even through simple means such as basic interaction with other community members, we would be honored to have you with us. We are actively looking to collaborate with others who would like to join the TEN (Third Eye Nation) community; whether you are a developer, a content creator, a business owner, a teacher, a student, or anything in between. As long as you want to be a part of something then there is a place here waiting for you. 
- 📫 For those who are interested in establishing digital real-estate within Third Eye Nation, we welcome you to reach out via email to `connect@thirdeyenation.io`
- ⚡ Fun fact: I, the owner of T.E.N., used to be a long-term fentanyl addict among other substances (poly-substance abuser) and am grateful to say that I have been sober now for over 5 years (since October of 2020). Sobriety did not come easy, and to say there were not a few slip-ups along the way would be a lie. The decision came following an overdose that resulted in me needing two narcan kits, a full team of Emergency Responders, and John, the 20-years-homeless man I just so happened to have allowed to live with me at for a week. If it were not for him, I would not be here today. That being said, I have a soft spot for those who are struggling with substance-use disorders, those who are homeless, those who are struggling, those who have been overlooked and under-cared for too long. I originally attended University for social work, but have since dropped out to follow my original dream of building a community that empowers everyone involved and does not judge based on who you are or what you've done - but rather - who you are aiming to become and what you are aiming to achieve. I was told that I was pronounced dead for ~6 seconds. No pulse, not breathing, simply dead. By the grace of god, luck, or whatever the reason, I was given a chance to clean up and stop throwing my life away. Today, I can say that I have accomplished great feats and reached major milestones in my 5+ years of being sober. It's not that I didn't have any great accomplishments prior to now, but what I *had* accomplished was tainted by my addictions - and quite frankly there are pockets of my life that I simply don't even remember. If I am able to accomplish the seemingly impossible task of staying sober after my struggles with poly-substance abuse and addiction, there is no reason for me to believe others who are struggling with the same issues can't be rehabilitated as well. Therefore, Third Eye Nation is more than just a media and technology production studio; Third Eye Nation is meant to be an homage to my "second chance", to my passions and to the things that continue to make me want to live. Curiosity, discovery, entertainment, and connection. Third Eye Nation is a place of support not just for those who are already doing well - but for those who are in need of a place of support that are not doing so well, for those who are not sure if today, tomorrow, or next week will be their last moment of this life, living in this truly amazing, enlightening, and ever-changing / growing dimension of existence. If you have a passion, we are here to assist you and support you in following that passion - finding a way to live through that passion - and hopefully pass that opportunity on to the next person. You don't necessarily need to have "a passion" to be a community member of Third Eye Nation, your passion can be simply enjoying life, enjoying community, enjoying connection and being a part of something. Life is not terrible, the world is not filled with hate, and it is never too late to change your perspective so long as you are breathing and your heart is pumping. If anyone needs proof of that, you need not look any further. Introduce yourself and be the change that you want to see. 

- Third Eye Nation. 

<!---
thirdeyenation/thirdeyenation is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
